OSDOCS-5743-redo: Documented the 4.11.37 z-stream release notes (#59053)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-11-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-11-36-updating"]
==== Updating

> To update an existing {product-title} 4.11 cluster to this latest release, see xref:../updating/updating-cluster-cli.adoc#updating-cluster-cli[Updating a cluster using the CLI] for instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All {product-title} 4.11 users are advised that the only defect fixed in this release is limited to install time; therefore, there is no need to update previously installed clusters to this version.
```
